#   $PACKAGE Copyright (c) 2009, Jeff Forristal (wiretrip.net)
#   All rights reserved.
#
#   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
#   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
#   are met:
#
#   - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
#   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
#
#   - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
#   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
#   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
#
#   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
#   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
#   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
#   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
#   COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
#   INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, 
#   BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
#   LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
#   CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
#   LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN 
#   ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
#   POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=head1 NAME

$PACKAGE - Perl HTTP library version $VERSION

=head1 SYNOPSIS

use $PACKAGE;

require '$TARGET';

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Libwhisker is a Perl library useful for HTTP testing scripts.  It
contains a pure-Perl reimplementation of functionality found in the C<LWP>,
C<URI>, C<Digest::MD5>, C<Digest::MD4>, C<Data::Dumper>, C<Authen::NTLM>, 
C<HTML::Parser>, C<HTML::FormParser>, C<CGI::Upload>, C<MIME::Base64>,
and C<GetOpt::Std> modules.

Libwhisker is designed to be portable (a single perl file), fast (general
benchmarks show libwhisker is faster than LWP), and flexible (great care
was taken to ensure the library does exactly what you want to do, even
if it means breaking the protocol).

=head1 FUNCTIONS

The following are the functions contained in Libwhisker:

=over 4

=cut


